{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TICKET_PRICE = 10\
SERVICE_CHARGE = 2\
\
tickets_remaining = 100  \
\
def calculate_price(ticket_no):\
    return (ticket_no * TICKET_PRICE) + SERVICE_CHARGE\
\
while tickets_remaining > 0:\
    print("There are \{\} tickets remaining.".format(tickets_remaining))\
    user_name = input("Hey! Welcome to MasterTicket. What is your name?  ")\
    ticket_request_no = input("Hey \{\}! How many tickets would you like?  ".format(user_name))\
    #expect value error & handle appropriately\
    try:\
        ticket_request_no = int(ticket_request_no)\
    except ValueError as err:\
        print('We ran into an error! Try giving us a number, like "2".')\
    else:\
        if ticket_request_no >= tickets_remaining:\
            ticket_request_no = input("We don't have that many tickets left. We only have \{\}. How many tickets would you like?  ".format(tickets_remaining))\
        ticket_request_no = int(ticket_request_no)\
        total_price = calculate_price(ticket_request_no)\
        print("That will cost \'a3\{\}!".format(total_price))\
        ticket_confirmation = input("Do you want to continue?  Y/N  ")\
        if ticket_confirmation.upper() == "Y":\
            # TODO: Gather credit card information and process it\
            print("SOLD! \{\}, you have bought \{\} tickets for \{\}.".format(user_name, ticket_request_no, total_price))\
            tickets_remaining -= ticket_request_no        \
        else:\
                print("Thank you \{\}. Until next time".format(user_name))      \
print("We are sold out! Unfortunately, we do not have that many tickets.".format(ticket_request_no))}